Add README documentation explaining how to support non-int database primary keys (#92)
mikker/passwordless: README.md

  * [Token and Session Expiry](#token-and-session-expiry)
  * [Redirecting back after sign-in](#redirecting-back-after-sign-in)
  * [Claiming tokens](#claiming-tokens)

>   * [Supporting a database that uses UUIDs as its primary key type](#supporting-a-database-that-uses-uuids-as-its-primary-key-type)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Supporting UUID primary keys](#supporting-uuid-primary-keys)
```

Passwordless.restrict_token_reuse = true
```

> ### Supporting a database that uses UUIDs as its primary key type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Supporting UUID primary keys
```

> If your database uses a type other than `int` as the primary key type (e.g. you use `uuid`), you will need to add a migration

Reviewer 2: I would mention _table_ rather than _database_ since you declare the type on table level.
```
create_table :users, id: :uuid do |t|
  ...
end
```

Reviewer: I agree and we can probably shorten the title too to something like `Supporting UUID primary keys`.

> If your database uses a type other than `int` as the primary key type (e.g. you use `uuid`), you will need to add a migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `users` table uses UUIDs for its primary keys, you will need to add a migration
```

to change the type of `passwordless`' `authenticatable_id` field to match your primary key type (this will also involve dropping and recreating associated indices).

> This is because the migration that `passwordless` installs uses `t.belongs(...)` with a polymorphic relationship to the models you will be authenticating, and `t.belongs` will set the foreign key type to `int` even if your table uses `uuid` as your primary key type (see https://github.com/rails/rails/issues/23422 for a discussion of this behavior).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Here is an example migration you can use:
```ruby
class SupportUuidInPasswordlessSessions < ActiveRecord::Migration[6.0]
  def change
    remove_index :passwordless_sessions, column: [:authenticatable_type, :authenticatable_id] if index_exists? :authenticatable_type, :authenticatable_id
    remove_column :passwordless_sessions, :authenticatable_id
    add_column :passwordless_sessions, :authenticatable_id, :uuid

>     add_index :passwordless_sessions, [:authenticatable_type, :authenticatable_id], name: 'authenticatable'

Reviewer 2: You could use `add_reference` (https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/ConnectionAdapters/SchemaStatements.html#method-i-add_reference)

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I added a note about that to the docs.
